http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballLeague	basketball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalEvent	natural event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Province	province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LunarCrater	lunar crater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportSeason	motorsport season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson	military person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TimePeriod	time period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutomobileEngine	automobile engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archeologist	archeologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme	enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SongWriter	songwriter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Square	square
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University	university
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure	anatomical structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow	television show
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LaunchPad	launch pad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingLeague	cycling league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Territory	territory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CurlingLeague	curling league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GatedCommunity	Gated community
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicFestival	music festival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tax	tax
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Racecourse	racecourse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dancer	dancer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyPlayer	ice hockey player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem	public transit system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BloodVessel	blood vessel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballMatch	football match
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGeneLocation	Mouse Gene Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict	military conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StatedResolution	Stated Resolution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tram	streetcar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FilmFestival	film festival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TheatreDirector	Theatre director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage	beverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle	space shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EmployersOrganisation	Employers' Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prison	prison
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archaea	archaea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballPlayer	handball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Religious	religious
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid	arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Department	department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CardinalDirection	Cardinal direction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter	painter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LineOfFashion	line of fashion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park	park
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingTeam	cycling team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrossDomesticProduct	gross domestic product
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterRide	water ride
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryVehicle	military vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtisticGenre	artistic genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason	sports season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer	cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FloweringPlant	flowering plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode	television episode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Baronet	baronet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canton	canton
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes	Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Jockey	jockey (horse racer)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScientificConcept	Scientific concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Soccer	football
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportCompetitionResult	results of a sport competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tower	tower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein	protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGeneLocation	Human Gene Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayTeam	speedway team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianPatriarch	Christian Patriarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentType	Government Type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town	town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RomanEmperor	roman emperor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding	religious building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRider	motorcycle rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalAdministrativeRegion	clerical administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusCompany	bus company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PowerStation	power station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer	engineer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Birth	birth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Name	name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SumoWrestler	sumo wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InternationalOrganisation	international organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HighDiver	high diver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneRacer	Formula One racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer	conifer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayLeague	speedway league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrumentalist	instrumentalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Farmer	farmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalSettlement	Historical settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideogamesLeague	videogames league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketGround	cricket ground
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DTMRacer	DTM racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalDistrict	Historical district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company	company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive	locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotocycleRacer	motocycle racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler	wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament	golf tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Treaty	treaty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRacingLeague	motorcycle racing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sales	sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdultActor	adult (pornographic) actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GridironFootballPlayer	gridiron football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine	engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianDoctrine	Christian Doctrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Area	area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalAnthem	National anthem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeague	soccer league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicConference	academic conference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biathlete	Biathlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rebellion	rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TeamMember	Team member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeneLocation	Gene Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadJunction	road junction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Treadmill	Treadmill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain	brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtohistoricalPeriod	protohistorical period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WomensTennisAssociationTournament	Women's Tennis Association tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusinessPerson	businessperson
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lipid	lipid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballCoach	volleyball coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TheologicalConcept	Theological concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement	settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Capital	Capital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Producer	Producer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software	software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Opera	opera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrossePlayer	lacrosse player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ControlledDesignationOfOriginWine	Controlled designation of origin wine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fort	fort
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President	president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver	racing driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure	architectural structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisPlayer	tennis player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CoalPit	coal pit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalConcept	Political concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DigitalCamera	digital camera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event	event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band	Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Regency	regency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country	country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BullFighter	bullfighter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fencer	fencer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace	horse race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish	fish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine	magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy	galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manhwa	manhwa
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OrganisationMember	Organisation member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionSeason	television season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Case	case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Taxon	taxonomic group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LawFirm	law firm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorRace	motor race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterwayTunnel	waterway tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ocean	Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport	airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer	boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern	fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NarutoCharacter	naruto character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer	soccer player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fashion	fashion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island	island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Openswarm	Open Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace	natural place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GraveMonument	grave stone or grave monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter	soap character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agglomeration	agglomeration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach	college coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGene	HumanGene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Muscle	muscle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance	information appliance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Psychologist	psychologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream	stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordOffice	Record Office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsManager	sports manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Surfer	surfer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital	hospital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HotSpring	hot spring
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Law	law
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chef	chef
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher	philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SystemOfLaw	System of law
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BiologicalDatabase	Biological database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Church	church
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tunnel	tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rower	rower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo	ginkgo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Valley	valley
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Coach	coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer	writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile	automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ideology	ideology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase	Supreme Court of the United States case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Standard	standard
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swarm	Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TeamSport	team sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Community	Community
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballTeam	canadian football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation	radio station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Death	death
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager	soccer manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poem	poem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician	politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comedian	comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCreator	comics creator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch	monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road	road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TramStation	tram station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PhilosophicalConcept	Philosophical concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate	Playboy Playmate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionPersonality	television personality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Device	device
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Volcano	volcano
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper	newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer	american football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal	academic journal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TableTennisPlayer	table tennis player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork	artwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballPlayer	volleyball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation	non-profit organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea	sea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric	cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeautyQueen	beauty queen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School	school
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Region	region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LightNovel	light novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest	Site of Special Scientific Interest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerPlayer	snooker player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyLeague	ice hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PersonFunction	person function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist	musical artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Entomologist	entomologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty	political party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Presenter	presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Watermill	Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Database	Database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChartsPlacements	Place in the Music Charts
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup	ethnic group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InternationalFootballLeagueEvent	international football league event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballTeam	baseball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday	holiday
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect	insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral	mineral
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork	musical work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClubSeason	soccer club season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation	mean of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Annotation	Annotation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UnitOfWork	unit of work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mosque	mosque
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalCollegiateAthleticAssociationAthlete	national collegiate athletic association athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer	motorsport racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gene	gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Referee	referee
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile	reptile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Satellite	Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballPlayer	canadian football Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency	government agency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Flag	flag
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RallyDriver	rally driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria	bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArcherPlayer	Archer Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal	cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca	mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stadium	stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wine	wine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalSoccerClub	national soccer club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentCabinet	cabinet of ministers
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum	museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FigureSkater	figure skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Horse	horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga	manga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College	college
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver	nascar driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature	periodical literature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vein	vein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant	plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film	movie
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConcentrationCamp	Concentration camp
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterPoloPlayer	water polo Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiArea	ski area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitar	guitar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vicar	vicar
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NordicCombined	Nordic Combined
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swimmer	swimmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fiefdom	fiefdom
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister	prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Creek	creek
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete	athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour	colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Escalator	escalator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Factory	factory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConveyorSystem	conveyor system
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork	written work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerChamp	snooker world champion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ambassador	ambassador
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Parliament	parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingWalkway	travellator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerWorldRanking	snooker world ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue	venue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram	radio program
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty	royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biologist	biologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Desert	Desert
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam	basketball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScreenWriter	screenwriter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lawyer	Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet	planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedSkater	speed skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy	deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovieDirector	Movie director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Family	family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gate	gate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/YearInSpaceflight	year in spaceflight
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Shrine	shrine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vodka	vodka
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Population	population
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village	village
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Theatre	theatre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drama	drama
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer	winter sport Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea	protected area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PenaltyShootOut	penalty shoot-out
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RocketEngine	rocket engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal	canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Employer	Employer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre	music genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmusementParkAttraction	amusement park attraction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year	year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Priest	priest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman	congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicComposer	music composer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport	sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BackScene	back scene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Nerve	nerve
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicStrip	comic strip
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SambaSchool	samba school
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hotel	hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FashionDesigner	fashion designer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library	library
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organ	organ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Profession	profession
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model	model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ligament	ligament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BobsleighAthlete	Bobsleigh Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Activity	activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CityDistrict	city district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Winery	winery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueEvent	national football league event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel	record label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MetroStation	subway station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VoiceActor	voice actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics	olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Attack	attack
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cat	cat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballLeague	liga de fútbol canadiense
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrehistoricalPeriod	prehistorical period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brewery	brewery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food	Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song	song
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MathematicalConcept	Mathematical concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsClub	sports club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play	play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CapitalOfRegion	Capital of region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album	album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ratio	Ratio
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComedyGroup	Comedy Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AthleticsPlayer	athletics player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/File	file
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Meeting	meeting
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sculpture	Sculpture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NuclearPowerStation	Nuclear Power plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SubMunicipality	borough
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deanery	deanery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline	airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballLeague	volleyball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Media	media
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cape	cape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix	Grand Prix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainPass	mountain pass
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work	work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Glacier	glacier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket	rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Blazon	Blazon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aristocrat	aristocrat
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird	bird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent	societal event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfPlayer	golf player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BowlingLeague	bowling league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint	saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalPeriod	historical period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SquashPlayer	squash player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer	poker player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Altitude	altitude
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TrainCarriage	train carriage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Article	article
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime	Anime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book	book
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language	language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Restaurant	restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeologicalPeriod	geological period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OldTerritory	old territory
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollectionOfValuables	collection of valuables
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese	diocese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game	game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature	legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovieGenre	movie genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor	actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Egyptologist	egyptologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian	amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfLeague	golf league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pyramid	Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CareerStation	career station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skyscraper	skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Group	group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalOrder	clerical order
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WindMotor	Wind motor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LifeCycleEvent	life cycle event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug	drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament	tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train	train
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reference	Reference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Windmill	Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague	sports league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoardGame	board game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer	badminton player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency	currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage	programming language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChessPlayer	chess player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer	rugby player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DartsPlayer	darts player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person	person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect	architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Globularswarm	Globular Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballLeague	handball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dog	dog
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalFunction	political function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ElectricalSubstation	electrical substation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure	infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Atoll	atoll
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PersonalEvent	personal event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Motorcycle	motorcycle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Divorce	divorce
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Port	Port
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NetballPlayer	netball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Statistic	statistic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousOrganisation	religious organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prefecture	prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceMission	space mission
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayLine	railway line
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sound	sound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingCompetition	cycling competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Street	street
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monastery	monastery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayTunnel	railway tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CardGame	card game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator	senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalElement	chemical element
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diploma	diploma
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName	given name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery	artery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bay	bay
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FieldHockeyLeague	field hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archipelago	archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Competition	competition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisTournament	tennis tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Synagogue	synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Project	project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballLeagueSeason	football league season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Camera	camera
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge	judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship	ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award	award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody	celestial body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cemetery	cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormerMunicipality	one-time municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MartialArtist	martial artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HollywoodCartoon	hollywood cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Earthquake	earthquake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical	musical
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeachVolleyballPlayer	beach volleyball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NCAATeamSeason	national collegiate athletic association team season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star	star
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InlineHockeyLeague	inline hockey league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EurovisionSongContestEntry	Eurovision song contest entry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Parish	parish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmateurBoxer	amateur boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BrownDwarf	brown dwarf
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone	bone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoxingStyle	boxing style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Polysaccharide	polysaccharide
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City	city
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist	economist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRiding	HorseRiding
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention	convention
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DocumentType	Document Type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayRider	speedway rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gymnast	gymnast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ShoppingMall	shopping mall
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist	journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hormone	Hormone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility	sport facility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent	agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mill	Mill
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painting	Painting
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult	olympic result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamMember	Sports team member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit	military unit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicService	public service
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnimangaCharacter	animanga character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerTournament	soccer tournoment
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease	disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LiteraryGenre	literary genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Grape	grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater	body of water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceTrack	race track
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding	historic building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monument	monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist	artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseTrainer	horse trainer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canoeist	canoeist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeopoliticalOrganisation	geopolitical organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGene	MouseGene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrossDomesticProductPerCapita	gross domestic product per capita
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ElectionDiagram	Election Diagram
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Quote	Quote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Orphan	orphan
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam	american football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StillImage	still image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer	Gaelic games player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Novel	novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skater	skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Curler	curler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentalAdministrativeRegion	governmental administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Garden	garden
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicArtist	classical music artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote	eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Professor	professor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident	vice president
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballLeague	baseball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalProvince	Historical province
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution	educational institution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation	space station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation	constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier	skier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticianSpouse	politician spouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UndergroundJournal	underground journal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PaintballLeague	paintball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss	club moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicComposition	classical music composition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyClub	hockey club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beach	beach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrosseLeague	lacrosse league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SerialKiller	serial killer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicEvent	olympic event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtistDiscography	artist discography
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Abbey	abbey
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Demographics	demographics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneRacing	formula one racing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent	sports event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Linguist	linguist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sculptor	sculptor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Relationship	Relationship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope	pope
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound	chemical compound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beer	beer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodOfArtisticStyle	period of artistic style
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OverseasDepartment	overseas department
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballTeam	australian football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dike	dike
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Intercommunality	Intercommunality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NobleFamily	Noble family
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite	World Heritage Site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic	comic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ski_jumper	ski jumper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arrondissement	arrondissement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballLeague	american football league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam	sports team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballLeague	australian football league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork	broadcast network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NobelPrize	Nobel Prize
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Marriage	marriage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyTeam	hockey team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Murderer	murderer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Decoration	decoration
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrestlingEvent	wrestling event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Municipality	municipality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge	bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/District	district
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain	mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RollerCoaster	roller coaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingRace	cycling race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TrackList	track list
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archive	Archive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lock	lock
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cave	cave
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballTeam	handball team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist	scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Humorist	humorist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website	website
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lymph	lymph
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionDirector	Television director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ResearchProject	research project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locality	locality
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal	animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent	continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Singer	Singer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballSeason	baseball season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketTeam	cricket team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberResistanceMovement	Member of a Resistance Movement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryAircraft	military aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arena	arena
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeagueSeason	soccer league season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal	criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DisneyCharacter	disney character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Surname	surname
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal	mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medicine	Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Election	Election
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MobilePhone	mobile phone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater	crater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoxingLeague	boxing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DistrictWaterBoard	district water board
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioControlledRacingLeague	radio-controlled racing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fungus	fungus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalCountry	Historical country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft	aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/List	list
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/State	state
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter	fictional character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss	moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisLeague	tennis league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biomolecule	Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station	station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River	river
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation	organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Image	image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter	comics character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Temple	temple
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cheese	cheese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRider	horse rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place	place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RestArea	rest area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Embryology	embryology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Unknown	Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher	publisher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CrossCountrySkier	cross-country skier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/StormSurge	storm surge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FillingStation	filling station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MultiVolumePublication	multi volume publication
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayWright	Playwright
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoxingCategory	boxing category
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation	route of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason	sports team season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneTeam	formula 1 team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/On-SiteTransportation	on-site mean of transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Resume	Resume
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite	ArtificialSatellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga	green alga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiResort	ski resort
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Genre	genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance	chemical substance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athletics	athletics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Memorial	memorial
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer	baseball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician	medician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadTunnel	road tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalRegion	natural region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueSeason	national football league season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Zoo	zoo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CultivatedVariety	cultivar (cultivated variety)
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Castle	castle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister	vice prime minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrument	Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor	mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Photographer	photographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species	species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bank	bank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfCourse	golf course
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dam	dam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation	television station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CountrySeat	country estate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Race	race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Caterer	Caterer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace	populated place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist	cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyLeague	rugby league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballCoach	american football coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub	soccer club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Historian	historian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Asteroid	asteroid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitarist	guitarist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon	weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Polyhedron	Polyhedron
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake	lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant	lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Host	host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity	celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mine	mine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Letter	letter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TopicalConcept	topical concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicSubject	academic subject
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble	noble
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse	lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MicroRegion	micro-region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament	member of parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteStop	route stage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WineRegion	wine region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SolarEclipse	solar eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Forest	forest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deity	deity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation	train station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poet	poet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop	Christian Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoloLeague	polo league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutoRacingLeague	auto racing league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace	historic place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Depth	depth
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty	British royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxing	boxing
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionHost	television host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manhua	manhua
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterTower	Water tower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MythologicalFigure	mythological figure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalRegion	Historical region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building	building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut	astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsLeague	mixed martial arts league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MovingImage	moving image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TermOfOffice	term of office
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricalAreaOfAuthority	ancient area of jurisdiction of a person (feudal) or of a governmental body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion	administrative region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanDevelopmentIndex	human development index
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bodybuilder	bodybuilder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single	single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoftballLeague	softball league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Casino	casino
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse	race horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cartoon	cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Contest	contest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft	spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioHost	radio host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsEvent	mixed martial arts event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame	video game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor	governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TradeUnion	trade union
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder	office holder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Type	type
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure	military structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Document	document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketLeague	cricket league
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyClub	rugby club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange	mountain range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianRulesFootballPlayer	Australian rules football player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer	basketball player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor	chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LegalCase	Legal Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean	crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster	broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicDirector	music director
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad	cycad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MedicalSpecialty	medical specialty
